Fix Tool Path handling for self-hosted runners (#466)
actions/setup-python: README.md

### Linux

> - The Python packages that are downloaded from `actions/python-versions` are originally compiled from source with the [--enable-shared](https://github.com/actions/python-versions/blob/builders/ubuntu-python-builder.psm1#L35) flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Python packages that are downloaded from `actions/python-versions` are originally compiled from source with the [--enable-shared](https://github.com/actions/python-versions/blob/main/builders/ubuntu-python-builder.psm1#L37) flag.
```

> - By default runner downloads and install the tools to the `RUNNER_TOOL_CACHE` directory, however `AGENT_TOOLSDIRECTORY` can be set to override this location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default runner downloads and install the tools to the `RUNNER_TOOL_CACHE` directory, however `AGENT_TOOLSDIRECTORY` can be set to override this location.
```

> - Both `actions/setup-python` and `actions/python-versions` use the same resolution order when setting the tool path

Reviewer: May I ask you to remove this point? I understand what you wanted to say here but for our customers, it's not really informative, I think.

Author: Sure thing, I wasn't 100% sure what to leave, as I had essentially gutted that part of the readme :slightly_smiling_face:
